# Django

Django is an open - source Python web development framework . It aims to make web 2.0 development simple and fast. For this reason, the project has the slogan "The framework for perfectionists with deadlines" . Developed in 2003 for the local newspaper in Lawrence ( Kansas , USA ), Django has been released under the BSD license from July 2005.

SinceJune 2008, the Django Software Foundation takes care of the development and promotion of the framework. In addition to this regular promotion, conferences between Django developers and users have been held twice a year since 2008 . Named DjangoCon , one takes place in Europe and the other in the United States .

# Principles 

Django is a development framework inspired by the MVC or MTV principle (the view is managed by a template) composed of three distinct parts:

A flexible template language that can generate HTML , XML or any other text format;
A controller provided as a  regexp  -based URL remapper  ;
A data access API is automatically generated by the CRUD compatible framework . No need to write SQL queries associated with forms, they are generated automatically by the ORM .
In addition to the data access API , a functional administration interface is generated from the data model. A validation system for data entered by the user is also available and allows automatic error messages to be displayed.

Also included:

a lightweight web server allowing you to develop and test your applications in real time without deployment;
an elaborate system for processing forms provided with widgets allowing interaction between HTML and a database. Many possibilities of controls and treatments are provided;
a web caching framework that can use different methods ( MemCached , filesystem, database, custom);
support for intermediate classes ( middleware ) that can be placed at various stages of request processing to integrate specific processing (cache, internationalization, access, etc.);
full Unicode support .
Django can be considered as a toolkit where each module can work independently.

An example of this modularity is the Google App Engine development platform , where the basic ORM has been replaced by an API on Google 's BigTables . Guido Van Rossum , the creator of the Python language , actively participated in this platform.

# What the website do ?

its a search engine from 3 different Databases
* Scopus
* IEE
* Pubmed

# MongoDB
MongoDB is a document-oriented database. Put simply, you get the scalability and flexibility you want, with the querying and indexing features you need.

# Note
go to webScrapingProject -> script.py -> ligne 165&167 and add your scopus informations

